Simplify the operator install instructions (#58)
confidential-containers/documentation: quickstart.md

You can enable Confidential Containers in an existing Kubernetes cluster using the Confidential Containers Operator.

> :information_source: If you need to quickly deploy a single-node test cluster, you can use the [run-local.sh script](https://github.com/confidential-containers/operator/blob/main/tests/e2e/run-local.sh) from the operator test suite, which will setup a single-node cluster on your machine for testing purpose. This script requires `ansible-playbook`, which you can install on CentOS/RHEL using `dnf install ansible-core`, and the Ansible `docker_container` module, which you can get using `ansble-galaxy colection install community.docker`.

Reviewer: 1. break up long line to facilitate diffs.
2. fix ansible galaxy command

```suggestion
:information_source: If you need to quickly deploy a single-node test cluster, you can use the [run-local.sh script](https://github.com/confidential-containers/operator/blob/main/tests/e2e/run-local.sh) 
from the operator test suite, which will setup a single-node cluster on your machine for testing purpose. 
This script requires `ansible-playbook`, which you can install on CentOS/RHEL using `dnf install ansible-core`, and the Ansible `docker_container` module, which you can get using `ansible-galaxy collection install community.docker`.
```

Author: I'll make the changes

Details on each of the runtime classes:

- kata - standard kata runtime using the QEMU hypervisor including all CoCo building blocks for a non CC HW
- kata-clh - standard kata runtime using the cloud hypervisor including all CoCo building blocks for a non CC HW
- kata-clh-tdx - using the Cloud Hypervisor, with TD-Shim, and support for Intel TDX CC HW
- kata-qemu - same as kata
- kata-qemu-tdx - using QEMU, with TDVF, and support for Intel TDX CC HW
- kata-qemu-sev - using QEMU, and support for AMD SEV HW

> 

Author: Missed it. I think I can wait for the #56 to get merged and then rebase this one
